Used index (#2)
GeorgeSG/philips_airpurifier_http: README.md

| entity_id | `"fan.living_room"` | _Required_ | Name(s) of the entities to set display light |
| light     | `true`              | _Required_ | true or false                                |

### `philips_airpurifier.set_used_index`

Sets the device used index(IAI or PM2.5)

| Field     | Value               | Necessity  | Description                                  |
| --------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| entity_id | `"fan.living_room"` | _Required_ | Name(s) of the entities to set display light |

> | usedindex | `IAI`               | _Required_ | One of "IAI" or "PM2.5".                     |

Reviewer: To follow home assistant conventions, let's rename this to `used_index`

Author: Requested changes are done and successfully tested. One more change made to the readme.

> | usedindex | `IAI`               | _Required_ | One of "IAI" or "PM2.5".                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| used_index | `IAI`               | _Required_ | One of "IAI" or "PM2.5".                    |
```
